"All other jumper cables are not real jumper cables.  THESE are jumper cables.  Let me explain.When you're in a bind on some dark night in some parking lot somewhere and your battery is dead, you need to get out of there pronto.In times like that, it's much easier to get a jump if YOU own a set of jumper cables.  It's double good if those jumper cables are long so that they can easily reach the battery of a good samaritan.  Now, according to electrical theory in order for DC current to flow across long distances, you need thicker cable.That's where these cables come in, they're long at 25' and thick at 2gauge.That's what these cables provide, maximum length at near maximum gauge cable.  And yes, your jumper cables SHOULD cost close to as much as your spare tire because that's what you need --- just look up the cost of copper on the market (that stuff is expensive).Yes, you can buy a $17 set of 10 foot, 18 gauge cables out there but if they can't reach between cars or if they can't carry enough power to start your car, you might as well have been lugging a brick in your trunk all those years and you might as well have enjoyed a good lunch with the $17 for all the false confidence it gave you.  I'm serious, buy an extension cord for $5 and you get as much jumping potential as many of the so called 'jumper' cables on the market --- there should be laws against marketing products that cannot jump start a car.  Worse, having no cables or less-than-worthless cables means that a criminal might reach you before you can get a jump and make your getaway.At the end of the day, you want a 25' or 20' cable, so you better be looking at 2gauge or 4 gauge cable - no compromises there.  You can go to 6gauge if you're working your way down to 16' cables.  But, the reality is that you always need a few extra feet when trying to jump start someone's car parked in some tight parking space --- so you're back to the 25' and 2 gauge.Pros- I know I can jump start a Semi with these (more importantly, I can get a jump from a Semi - Truck drivers are the good guys btw)- Extra long at 25'- Parrot clamp are strong, but an average guy can open them with one hand- Copper inserts in the parrot clamps is nice- Clamps are rated at 500amps- they're friggin heavy at near 14lbs, yes that's a pro!  that means there's 14 POUNDS of Copper in there and that's what allows the current to flow as freely as the Amazon river (no pun intended). It's huge.Cons- I do have an issue that the copper cable is not attached to the copper inserts in the clamps, it screws into the metal clamp rather than into the copper insert.  I don't know if that's a mistake or not.  I'm thinking about doing a bit of retrofitting.  I'm sure it's more than enough the way it is.Overall, these are as close an approximation to the kind of jumper cables that my dad had when I was growing up.  He custom made his -- he's old school.Anyway, if you're going to carry jumper cables, and you should --- don't muck around -- spend the dough, get these --- they'll last a lifetime and will not let you down.Advice, after you get a jump don't waste time rolling these things up in some dark parking lot -- just toss the heavy mangled mess into your trunk and get home.  There's always time the next day to roll these monsters back up and get them ready for the next wild adventure you might have."
