"I am car-sitting a vehicle that mostly sits in my garage.  I don't drive it nearly enough to keep the battery charged.  I am also convinced that Fords have a damn trickle as this car drains a battery faster than anything else I have seen [maybe not as fast as a snooty BMW].  I spent a hoop of time looking on line for a quality product.  This one was well reviewed on many forums and after going to the factory web page I was convinced.  Amazon had the BEST price period.  I ordered four to start, one for Dad [has a truck he rarely drives], one for car I \"baby-sit\", one of wife's Jeep it sometimes does not get driven for days which is only a concern during cold Illinois winters, and my truck which always is outside [does not fit in garage] and thought it would be a good idea on those super cold nights when I also plug in my battery blanket and oil heater.I installed two so far and it was very easy!  The unit is designed to be permanently mounted under the hood, it comes with a bracket and some screws.  The first thing I did [I know it voids any warranty] is open it up and de-solder three wires from the short 12\" cord and upgrade to a 14 gage 3 conductor cord of adequate single length.  I routed and zip-tied it to blend in with all of the other factory wires and ran it to the front lower valance [bumper] where I fabricated a simple aluminum bracket with grommet pull-through opening and terminated at a plug.  Now to use all I have to do is plug it in, no need to even open the hood.  With it disconnected you can barely see the plug from behind the license plate.  Total time about an hour and a half, if you are less particular I guess you could toss it in and be up and running in 10 minutes.  So far very happy, I have taken some measurements of the capabilities and thay are as claimed.  Almost forget, pics on amazon are not totally accurate, does not gome with a fuse holder for battery side.  I added a 5A blade fuse with all weather holder to the positive side between unit and battery for peace of mind."
