"I highly recommend these mirrors. I did a lot of looking and comparing before I bought these. I have a 2006 Toyota Tacoma and these things fit well and do a real nice job. They vibrate a little but not excessive. The little bit of vibration I see doesn't interfere with my view. I also do not extend them very far. The further out you go with them the more they will vibrate. Just extend to the minimum needed in order to be able to see.Before attaching to the vehicle I think it's a good idea to loosen the three screws holding the swivel in place on the bottom of the mirrors and work in a drop of oil. Then do not over tighten these screws. They don't have to be very tight to hold the mirror still and not over tightening allows easy adjustment later. If you find they move when you close the door you can tighten a little more but to start off, finger tight with the screwdriver is all you need. I also placed a couple drops of oil on the aluminum sliding bar and worked it in before attaching. Also, when you bolt the mirror onto the aluminum slide bar, grip the base (the part with the internal threads) with a vise-grip or something (not too tight to crush it), then make sure the lock nut is between the bolt and the bar on the bottom, and then screw the bolt into the base (and through the aluminum slide bar) nice and tight without letting the base turn. You'll notice there are &#34;teeth&#34; on the bottom of the base. These are supposed to sink into the bar as you tighten the bolt. They keep the base from turning when you adjust the mirror. This is another good reason to not overtighten the three screws around the swivel. You want to be able to adjust the mirror from side to side and have it turn only at the swivel and without causing the base to turn against the aluminum slide bar.The bracket will bend the weather stripping on the outside of the window a little. It springs back when the mirror is removed but some of it will be permanent. It's not a big deal and you'll just have to deal with this if you want to use these mirrors. It is not a detriment to the operation of the window.I installed them as far forward as possible so that the top of the bracket was parallel to the ground and the new mirror sits right beside my existing one towards the outside. Tightening the ratchet by hand produced plenty of tension to hold it securely. Releasing the ratchet is another matter. It's too tight to just push it down with your finger. To release the tension I use a short piece of rope and loop it under the sliding buckle. Then I stand right next to the truck with the rope looped around one hand and my other hand on the ratchet release tab. I use my body leverage (knees and back) to pull upward on the rope a little which takes just enough pressure off the belt to allow me to press the ratchet release tab. You don't need to back the ratchet off very far - just enough to get the hook out from under the door. Then just close up the bracket and wrap up the belt around it and you're all pre-set for the next time.For better stability I advise when you're adjusting the belt, place the sliding buckle as necessary so that the crossbar forming the angle is not extended very far, if at all. And, yes, make sure there isn't any dirt behind the buckle or you'll get a scuff mark.You should have the windows all the way down when attaching to the vehicle. The bracket comes close to the window so you need to be careful not to let it scratch the window. After you get the mirror on I advise to raise the window very slowly to make sure that the metal bracket is not contacting (scratching) the window as you raise it. Once you're under way - be sure not to lower the window if there is any sand or debris laying on the bracket right next to the window or a scratch may occur from this action also. I've taken these off and on several times now and we've travelled with them and I've been relatively careful and have never had one scratch my window.On my truck, the doors fit really well and I can tell the difference when the hook for the mirror strap is hooked under the door. The door fits just a tad more tightly than usual. It has to be closed just a slight bit harder to make the latch engage and when I open the door it pops out ever so slightly because of the extra tension produced by the hook being in there on the bottom. I don't see this as a problem. The mirrors are not on there all the time and, even if they were, I think the latch mechanism on the Toyota is stout enough to handle it without any long term problems developing. Just be aware that the hook will slightly change thge way the door latches.The instructions are good, too. Not the usual loosely translated Mandarin. I've tried to supplement here with my own experience."
