"I've used a California Duster in the past with other vehicles and loved how it sucked up dust and dirt and held without scratching my finish.  I had gotten away from super-anal car care the last few years but with a recent purchase of a brand new 2014 Subaru XV Crosstrek, my Automotive wishlist her on Amazon has been growing and another California Duster has been towards the top of the &#34;Really Want&#34; list.I still have my old Original California Duster and it works great (like fine wine, it got better with age) but was mostly interested in this smaller one for the interior.  I have a dark grey/charcoal colored interior that is patterned and almost feels 'sticky' to the touch for lack of a water word.  Using a microfiber cloth didn't really clean up the dust too well and another duster I picked up here works ok on the radio console and steering wheel but not on the dash itself.Despite a few negative reviews here I decided to give it a go after a recent price drop.  Picked this up for $4.63 when I figured I didn't have much to lose.Put it out on the porch for two days on a stack of newspapers as was suggested.  After that I gave it a bunch of really good shakes and then ran my fingers thru the fibers a few times trying to get out any of the lose ones.  That seemed to do the trick because I haven't had any issues with stray red fibers all over the place or the pad falling apart as I've read in previous reviews.Shortly after I went out to the car and cleaned the outside and the inside.  Shook it out a bunch and it seemed to work great on the dash which has been a PITA since I bought the car.  Afterwards I brought it inside and used it to dust my entire first floor of my house.  This included behind my tv and entertainment center, on top of my refrigerator and all those other places normally buried in dust.  Worked like a charm, sucked it all up and didn't let go.So I'd have to say this, just like it big brother, the Original, works like a charm.  For anyone having other issues like red fibers all over the place, I'd recommend following the steps I did listed above, it worked great for me and as of now I have a great little duster that I paid less then 5 bucks for.  IMO, u can't beat it."
